docs/projects/0x-protocol.md, before:


# 0x Protocol
  
[https://0x.org/](https://0x.org/)<br>
An open protocol that enables the peer-to-peer exchange of assets on the Ethereum blockchain.


## Audits



#### [0x v3 Staking Audit](https://diligence.consensys.net/audits/2019/10/0x-v3-staking/)

October, 2019<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo)
      


#### [0x v3 Exchange Audit](https://diligence.consensys.net/audits/2019/09/0x-v3-exchange/)

September, 2019<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo)
      


#### [0x ERC1155Proxy Audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x-audit-report-2019-05)

May, 2019<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/blob/77484dc69eea1f4f1a8397590199f3f2489751d2/contracts/asset-proxy/contracts/src/ERC1155Proxy.sol)
      


#### [0x MultiAssetProxy Audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x-audit-report-2018-12)

December, 2018<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/blob/development/contracts/asset-proxy/contracts/src/MultiAssetProxy.sol)
      


#### [0x Protocol v2 Audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x_audit_report_2018-07-23)

September, 2018<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/commit/a05b14e4d9659be1cc495ee33fd8962ce773f87f)
      


#### [0x Review](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x-review/blob/master/report/1_process.md)

August, 2017<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>

      


#### [0x Protocol Security Assessment](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/0x-protocol.pdf)

October, 2019<br>
Audited by: Trail of Bits<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo)
      

  

## Bounty

[https://0x.org/docs/guides/bug-bounty-program](https://0x.org/docs/guides/bug-bounty-program)<br>
Max payout: $100,000


## Additional Info

Security Contact: team@0xproject.com

Commit message:

Rebuild projects with audit effort

docs/projects/0x-protocol.md, after:


# 0x Protocol
  
[https://0x.org/](https://0x.org/)<br>
An open protocol that enables the peer-to-peer exchange of assets on the Ethereum blockchain.


## Audits



#### [0x v3 Staking Audit](https://diligence.consensys.net/audits/2019/10/0x-v3-staking/)

October, 2019<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>Effort: 2 auditors<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo)
      


#### [0x v3 Exchange Audit](https://diligence.consensys.net/audits/2019/09/0x-v3-exchange/)

September, 2019<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>Effort: 3 auditors<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo)
      


#### [0x ERC1155Proxy Audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x-audit-report-2019-05)

May, 2019<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>Effort: 2 auditors<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/blob/77484dc69eea1f4f1a8397590199f3f2489751d2/contracts/asset-proxy/contracts/src/ERC1155Proxy.sol)
      


#### [0x MultiAssetProxy Audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x-audit-report-2018-12)

December, 2018<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>Effort: 2 auditors<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/blob/development/contracts/asset-proxy/contracts/src/MultiAssetProxy.sol)
      


#### [0x Protocol v2 Audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x_audit_report_2018-07-23)

September, 2018<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>Effort: 5 auditors, 45 days<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/commit/a05b14e4d9659be1cc495ee33fd8962ce773f87f)
      


#### [0x Review](https://github.com/ConsenSys/0x-review/blob/master/report/1_process.md)

August, 2017<br>
Audited by: ConsenSys Diligence<br>Effort: 5 auditors<br>

      


#### [0x Protocol Security Assessment](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/0x-protocol.pdf)

October, 2019<br>
Audited by: Trail of Bits<br>Effort: 10 person-weeks.<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo)
      

  

## Bounty

[https://0x.org/docs/guides/bug-bounty-program](https://0x.org/docs/guides/bug-bounty-program)<br>
Max payout: $100,000


## Additional Info

Security Contact: team@0xproject.com
