docs/projects/compound.md, before:


# Compound
  
[https://compound.finance/](https://compound.finance/)<br>
An algorithmic, autonomous interest rate protocol built for developers, to unlock a universe of open financial applications.


## Audits



#### [Compound Finance – Timelock Audit](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/compound-finance-patch-audit/)

October, 2019<br>
Audited by: OpenZeppelin<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/tree/f385d71983ae5c5799faae9b2dfea43e5cf75262)
      


#### [Compound Audit](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/compound-audit/)

August, 2019<br>
Audited by: OpenZeppelin<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol)
      


#### [Compound Protocol Security Assessment](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/compound-3.pdf)

August, 2019<br>
Audited by: Trail of Bits<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol)
      


#### [Compound V2 Security Assessment](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/compound-2.pdf)

April, 2019<br>
Audited by: Trail of Bits<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol)
      

  

## Bounty

[https://compound.finance/docs/security#bug-bounty](https://compound.finance/docs/security#bug-bounty)<br>
Max payout: $150,000


## Additional Info

Security Contact: security@compound.finance

Commit message:

Rebuild projects with audit effort

docs/projects/compound.md, after:


# Compound
  
[https://compound.finance/](https://compound.finance/)<br>
An algorithmic, autonomous interest rate protocol built for developers, to unlock a universe of open financial applications.


## Audits



#### [Compound Finance – Timelock Audit](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/compound-finance-patch-audit/)

October, 2019<br>
Audited by: OpenZeppelin<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/tree/f385d71983ae5c5799faae9b2dfea43e5cf75262)
      


#### [Compound Audit](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/compound-audit/)

August, 2019<br>
Audited by: OpenZeppelin<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol)
      


#### [Compound Protocol Security Assessment](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/compound-3.pdf)

August, 2019<br>
Audited by: Trail of Bits<br>Effort: 2 person-weeks.<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol)
      


#### [Compound V2 Security Assessment](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/compound-2.pdf)

April, 2019<br>
Audited by: Trail of Bits<br>Effort: 8 person-weeks.<br>
[Repo](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol)
      

  

## Bounty

[https://compound.finance/docs/security#bug-bounty](https://compound.finance/docs/security#bug-bounty)<br>
Max payout: $150,000


## Additional Info

Security Contact: security@compound.finance
